this is the aftermath of yet another
Israeli aerial bombardment it started
with a single Air Attack and paramedics
and people nearby rushed to help the
victims within minutes Israeli warplanes
had launched waves of missiles at the
civilian area you can see the tents and
we displaced Palestinians were
Sheltering this area was crammed with
women and children because the Israeli
Army had declared it a safe humanitarian
Zone as we speak paramedics and civil
defense teams with basic tools are doing
everything they can to contain the fire
that broke out after the air strikes
they also searching for survivors or
more victims under the rubble despite
the dangerous conditions
the Israeli forces called some residents
and ordered us to leave they fired a
warning missile and we ran for our lives
three missiles were fired at this area
in just a matter of
[Applause]
minutes there is not a single safe Zone
in all of Gaza the Israelis are lying to
the world they are an occupation force a
treacherous enemy they warned people to
leave but before anyone could move
Israeli planes fired missiles at us more
than a dozen were killed others
dismembered their bodies ripped apart
this is Nazism at its
best most of the people here have been
displaced numerous times from Rafa KH
yunus and Central Gaza now they're all
crammed into Dar Al Bala the Israelis
claim it is a safe zone why are they
shelling the area now this is all false
propaganda this is a very densely
populated residential area it was
targeted by Israeli warplanes in a
series of air strikes without any
warning as a result large numbers of
Palestinians were killed and
injured make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer